Click here to introduce today's transformation belt
Kamen Rider Agito triple flash
dx transformation belt
Gladiator is Akira Hosokawa
It is the world
2001 appeared in the Masked Rider Agito
In is a transformation belt'd like to immediately put the battery
First of all , as with Kuuga, put two AA batteries each in fall of this belt.
To go
I put the load from the top firmly and slide it down, and I enter with no heart
Let's put two AA batteries
As well
From the top
In the sticks in the rain belt also has a red switch on the right side
this
When I slide to 10 years old
It is this is transformed into a standby state will begin flashing from the glowing center and both sides red and blue
Then I really want to take the next seven treasures
Translational said
Ha
I will explain the transformation belt
First of all this eyefit belt
The red boots location is made of vinyl
At the end neatly the coat of arms of Agito
It is designed so that it is easy to take off the lock of the baby .
Altering in this belt play
It is called and let's turn on the power switch
The center is the philosopher's stone first , and then both side dragons love
We will be disorganized into red and blue
Well then
I would like to push the belt at the same time
It turned into a beautiful golden gold and turned into a brand form
Next time, form change
Agito is red and blue
Furthermore there is a home change again
It will change to the final form , I'd like to review it, so look forward to the next time
me
You can search the world's works from the Samurai Ranger's homepage.
The latest information of Papa Hosokawa red is
Please see Amoeba Blog